Update release SemVer to 1.2.1 (#280)
ably/ably-python: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## [v1.3.0](https://github.com/ably/ably-python/tree/v1.3.0.)

[Full Changelog](https://github.com/ably/ably-python/compare/v1.2.0...v1.3.0)

> **Breaking API Change**: This release marks a semantically significant change in how the `ably-python` SDK's [SemVer](https://semver.org/) should be interpreted. Prior to version `1.3.0` the `ably-python` SDK's version number was overloaded to _broadly_ indicate the version of the Ably Protocol supported. This meant that both bug-fixes _and_ enhancements had to be shoehorned into the third (least significant) `SemVer` field whilst the first two fields reflected the Ably Protocol version. 

Reviewer: Just a few tweaks around correctness of the words.

```suggestion
**Breaking API Change**: This release marks a significant change in how the `ably-python` SDK's version numbers should be interpreted. From version `1.3.0` we promise to adhere to [SemVer](https://semver.org/). Prior to version `1.3.0` the `ably-python` SDK's version number was overloaded to _broadly_ indicate the version of the Ably Protocol supported. This meant that both bug-fixes _and_ enhancements had to be shoehorned into the third (least significant) `minor` component of the version field, with the first two fields reflecting the Ably Protocol version.
```

> With the `1.3.0` release we break away from this, there is a small enhancement when it comes to `1.2` Ably Protocol support with the addition of '[Channel Lifecycle Status](https://github.com/ably/ably-python/pull/276)'. 

Reviewer: I would also remove this line. I don't feel it helps here.

Author: I added this line specifically because in numeric terms we're moving ahead of the Ably Spec and I wanted to re-iterate the point. 

Is it possible that an individual SDKs `README.md` is perhaps not the best forum to have this dialog with out users? By which I mean should we shelve the `1.3.0` release of `ably-python` for now, accumulate more spec point alignments on `main`, hold off on a `PyPi` release and publish an SDK agnostic blog posting about the change in `SemVer` semantics and then do the `1.3.0` release when we've accumulated enough 'value' to warrant the version bounce?

> Note:  With version `1.3.0` the `ably-python` SDK still lacks the realtime components of the `1.2` Ably Protocol.

Reviewer: I would remove this line. I don't feel it adds any value, in fact opening up more questions than it answers. Also, in terms of lack of support, the canonical place for that to live is in the issues list.

Author: OK... I can remove it but in the brave new world of SDKs versioning themselves are we effectively saying that prospective customers need to parse both the `README.md` and the current `Issues` and then cross reference with their requirements before undertaking a feasibility project with Ably tech? If 'yes' then I'm super happy to remove this observation from the `README.md` and supplement the existing `Python Realtime` issue(s) with a footnote to the effect that 1.3 should not be taken to infer that everything in the 1.2 Ably Spec is covered.
